Dev doc guide (#13163)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/dev/index.md

     * [Add new operation](../../src/core/docs/operation_enabling_flow.md)
     * [Add new transformation](#todo)
     * [Get code coverage report](./test_coverage.md) 
     * [Add component developer documentation](./dev_doc_guide.md)
 * [OpenVINO contribution guideline](../../CONTRIBUTING.md)
 * [OpenVINO Debug Capabilities](./debug_capabilities.md)

## OpenVINO repository structure

> The trend in the organization of structure repository is the idea that toolkit should contains independent components which can work together.
> This approach allows to have dedicated groups of developers which are concentrated on different components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository is organized in such a way that the components contain all dependencies inside (for example, thirdparty, tests, documentation, and other). 
With this approach, groups of developers, who are concentrated on different components, can efficiently work together.
```

 </code>
</pre>

### OpenVINO Component Structure

> The OpenVINO component should contain all dependencies inside (like thirdparty, testts, documentation and etc.). 
> Below the abstract component structure is presented with comments and marks for optional folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenVINO component should contain all dependencies inside (for example, thirdparty, tests, documentation, and other). The abstract component structure with comments and marks for optional folders is presented below.
```
